% This is a little note written about my memories concerning the 
% paper in which I am one of those making string theory:

My memory says that I fininshed my cand. scient. degree in the end of 
1968, while already working with Ziro Koba on dual model or Veneziano model.
We extended to an arbitrary number of external particles with special 
formulation - Koba Nielsen variables. In the spring of 1969 I must have 
started telling and a bit writing on the string idea. At least at the Lund 
Conference, which must have been in 1969 I told about it to many people  
which I met at this conference, and I emitted a badly distributed kind of 
preprint with a slightly different name than the ``An almost physical ...''
which I have just got scanned in the other day. I think essentially the word 
``almost'' were not yet in the title. The manuscript was copied in many 
copies and distributed to several poeple.
 
I  remember to have to get Niels Brenes copy, because I lost my own,  and
then I repaired a bit the places with bad copying and that is now
the copy which was scanned here the other day. 
Most of the copies I have have no date on, but a bit strangely the one I 
got scanned (by Emil Enemaerke) carries 1970 written by another person than 
my hand - presumably my mother's. 

Lars Becker Larsen who made a film with me in the main role went to 
G. Veneziano and got some investigation concerning this paper, which is 
also shown a bit on the film, Teorien om Alt(=The Theory of Everything).

In the next year big conference - in Kiev - there were an extensive talk
also reproduced in the proceeding, but it were not by me, but were rather 
a review of the String idea based on my version, fishnetdiagrams etc.

As a couple of further historical comments on the early string from my
side let me mention that the Veneziano model came to the Niels Bohr
Institute by the very enthusiastic talk by Hector Rubinstein, I suppose in 
1968, (the model is very shortly mentioned in my cand. scient. thesis).

During the developing of the preprints (or the like) I had correspondance with 
David Fairlie in Durham. 

At one moment I think that my mother and I sent a copy of the preprint or 
manuscript very fast sending, but paper were there as manuscript, to Leni
Susskind when I saw in some articles he had published that he seemingly were 
on the way although I would say it were not quite the string yet.

I also remeber that Nambu were to deliver a talk in Copenhagen in our
SINBI conference, but that he got stopped somehow in a desert and did not
come, but his manuscript contained the string. This must have been summer 
1969.          

Also I talked about the string at SINBI but here I think the talk 
came to look like private but really everybody were there, and we came late 
to the lunch room.   

